As a former employee of Lawrence Livermore Laboratories,
Leuren Moret stumbled across information
that was so disturbing to her
that she quit her profession
and became a whistle blower.
Her subsequent research has shown the horrors
of radiation exposure to soldiers
of the Persian Gulf War,
and their future offspring.
She has pointed to the sharp rises
in diabetes and cancer
in areas near nuclear facilities.
More over, she says this problem
of epidemic proportions
is in each of our own backyards.
This is a subject that seems
we all should have been far better educated about
by now than what we are.
Which is virtually no education.
And you've been out there trying for,
how many years now?
Since 1991?
That's right.
1991 you started telling the public
and waving red flags all over the place.
So let's start with a primer course on
radiation poisoning and depleted uranium.
Okay?
I mean, something everybody wants
to know about, right?
Right.
So let's
start at the beginning.
So you were giving us a lecture.
Well then let's start in World War II
and talk about the Manhattan Project.
Yes.
And that was
a secret project conducted by the US government
and the shadow government, in other words,
the Wall Street interest and the Yale University
Skull and Bones, to develop atomic bombs.
And US government, because they were advised
by German refugee scientists,
that Germany was developing a nuclear bomb,
an atomic bomb.
The US waned to have one also.
And it was Einstein, at the urging of
three other Hungarian scientists,
Savard, Edward Teller,
and Frank,
they convinced Einstein that he should write a letter
to President Truman
and urge him to develop the atomic bomb.
Which Einstein later regretted in his life.
Yes.
Now in order
to do this they needed uranium 235,
which is an isotope of uranium that will fission,
or will suddenly release all its energy
from the nucleus in a cascade
which can make a nuclear explosion.
And, or, they could do it with plutonium.
Well, they had uranium 235
because it occurs in nature,
but they didn't have plutonium.
So they needed to actually
build a small reactor,
which Fermi built at the University of Chicago,
under the bleacher stand out on the soccer field.
Because they knew the fission products
that would be released were extremely dangerous.
And they didn't want to expose the lab workers
and the people around them.
Just the athletes.
That's right.
Yeah, just the athletes, and the spectators. (laughs)
Right.
You know we're
always getting them right? (laughs)
So Fermi built the
first reactor called the Pile.
And the Manhattan Project
was actually laid out one night
at The Bohemian Club in San Fransisco.
And Ernest Lawrence was a very promising physicist
at Yale University, and he was hired by
the University of California in the 30s.
Now, he wanted to build a cyclatron,
to do experimental nuclear physics,
but money from the government was very scarce
so he went to The Bohemian Club,
he was made a member almost
before he even got to California.
And he asked the business men there
to give him the money to make his
first six inch cyclatron.
Before that was even finished he went back
and asked for more money to make a 10 inch one,
and that was the beginning of big science.
And he was trying to
make thistle materials
that would fission to build the bomb.
He couldn't really figure out,
he couldn't quite make it work,
although the government had asked him to do that.
So he took Robert Oppenheimer one night,
who was an outstanding theoretical physicist,
especially mathematician,
and he took him to The Bohemian Club
and Oppenheimer laid out the whole plan that night
on a table.
The next morning it was called The Manhattan Project.
And General Leslie Groves
of the US Army was assigned as the head of it.
Now, in order to get the uranium 235 that they needed
to make the core of the atomic bomb,
they had to get natural uranium.
And a lot of it came from the Belgium Congo
where the richest uranium deposits
in the world were located.
That war was over 50% uranium.
And so you
cannot separate uranium isotopes
chemically, because they all have the same
number of electrons in the outer shell.
But they have a different mass in the nucleus,
slightly different.
So what they did, was they mined the uranium,
extracted the metal.
Three isotopes occur in nature,
always in the same ratio because
of different half lives.
And only .72%
of what occurs in nature
is uranium 235.
And all the rest is almost all uranium 238,
and there's just a tiny, tiny amount of uranium 234.
So in order to separate out the U-235,
which is what they wanted for the bombs,
and for the reactor core,
they had to turn all of the uranium metal
into uranium hexafluoride gas.
And pass it through membranes
and they could separate out
just half a percent of U-235.
But what's left is not exactly non-toxic.
It's 99.5% is radioactive trash.
Yeah.
Because it won't
fission, and that's called depleted uranium.
Because it's depleted of the U-235.
In here now, this may be a quick aside
and irrelevant, or it may not.
At that time you said you were mentioning
the Belgian Congo.
Yes.
Were they also looking at the physical effects
of this substance on the human population at all?
Did they conduct any experiments?
Because they were doing other experiments at that time.
They began investigating
the radiobiological effects of ionizing radiation,
even before 1900.
Okay.
And the early radiation pioneers,
such as Marie Curie,
had horrific effects,
health effects,
from handling uranium.
Now, she was interested in the daughter products,
of the decay products, produced by uranium
when it decays.
And I actually have a photograph,
or it's a drawing, of her hand, her right hand,
the year before she died in 1933.
And two of her fingers had already been amputated,
because they were just full of cancer,
and there are tumors all over her hand.
And you can see where it was cut off
of her arm at the wrist.
And nobody knows about
these horrific effects.
No, nobody teaches you
that part in school, do they?
Oh, they never told us.
That's the last thing they tell you,
is the radiobiological effects,
because they couldn't get anyone to make bombs,
if they knew the truth.
Well, let's go from where you were then,
where you were, this was still World War II era.
Yes.
And move it
forward.
Okay.
What happened from there?
And then I want to start getting into
all of the physiological effects,
how it moves around our planet, and so forth.
During The Manhattan Project
atomic bombs were not the only weapon system
that was developed, there were hundreds
that were developed.
And Dr. Vanifer Bush, unrelated to the Bush family,
was in charge of the scientific effort
for World War II for the Americans.
And the Americans and the British were secret
collaborators, as well.
And actually, Fat Man, the bomb that was dropped
on Nagasaki, the plutonium bomb,
was actually named for Winston Churchill.
That's right, by General Groves.
And-- I forgot what you asked me.
Oh no, just to continue on
from World War II on.
Oh yeah yeah yeah.
Okay.
So the whole purpose of the weapon systems
that were developed in World War II,
was depopulation.
It was actually when
the civilian population
became the primary target of war.
And the atomic bombs were developed
for depopulation.
But also, few people know that
the prototype for Agent Orange was
developed under The Manhattan Project.
Or hormone that would defoliate
all of the trees and vegetation
and cause a country, or a population,
to starve to death.
And that of course, was taken off the shelf,
dusted off, and used in Vietnam.
And few people realize that the Vietnam War
primarily was about depopulation.
Now, why would depopulation be so important?
It's to make it easier
to steal the natural resources
of another country
that our country needs
to maintain its higamony, and lifestyle,
and whatever else it is.
And the third horrific weapon system
developed in World War II
by Dr. James Kanant, who developed radioactive,
he developed poison gas in World War I.
And few people know that the American University
in Washington, DC, was taken over and turned into
a poison gas factory for World War I.
So he loved poison gas,
he thought it was a more effective weapon
and perfectly moral to use it,
and develop it.
I was really horrified,
they took over 60 buildings
at American University.
And also as an aside,
wasn't previous Democratic presidential
candidate John Kerry's father
involved in some of this?
John Kerry's father brought
James Kanant into The Manhattan Project.
CIA.
And James Kanant developed
radioactive poison gas weapons
with Compton, and Uri,
who were also very good scientists.
Well it does help understand
the depth of certain connections
I wasn't aware of.
Yes.
Deep connections of John Kerry.
Deep, deep connections.
Yes, yes.
And, I mean,
it's just every war it's just recycled faces
of the grandsons, and the great-grandsons,
of all those.
It's a global
criminal war crimes racketeering syndicate,
and it's the same people generation after generation.
Right, so here we go.
Now we have, we're in DC, poisonous gas.
Right.
Now we're
finding much more efficient ways
than grenades, and certainly bayonets of the past
to start killing off populations with resources.
That's right.
I'm going to read the words of Henry Kissinger
in a national security memo,
number 200, from April 14th,
I'm sorry, April 24th, 1974.
Okay.
It's very clear.
Dr. Henry Kissinger proposed
in his memorandum
to the National Security Council that quote,
Depopulation should be the highest priority
of US Foreign Policy towards the third world.
Wow.
Unquote.
He quoted reasons of national security,
and because the US economy will require
large, and increasing amounts of minerals from abroad,
especially from less developed countries.
Wherever a lessening of population
can increase the prospects for such stability,
population policy becomes relevant to resources,
supplies, and to the economic interests of the US.
This is from a paper that I'm
I've written.
And then it goes on,
According to an NSC spokesman at the time,
the United States shared the view of
former world bank president Robert Macnamara,
that the population crisis is a greater threat
to US National Security interests,
than nuclear annihilation.
Uhh.
In 1975--
And who's
playing God there?
Who's playing God there?
In 1975, Henry Kissinger established
a policy planning group in the US
States Departments Office of Population Affairs.
And he, and General Haig,
and Ed Muskie, and Brzezinski wrote,
Global 2000--
Yes.
Which was the depopulation official policy
of the US government.
And you wrote,
you continued on that same vain.
This is another article you've written,
I actually just circled this.
Uh huh.
A few hours ago
because, for the same reasons, what you just read here.
Uh huh.
It says,
When I ask Vietnam Special Ops Green Beret
Captain John McCarthy,
Who could have devised this homicidal plan
to use depleted uranium to destroy the genetic code,
and genetic future of large populations
of Arabs and Muslims in the Middle East,
and Central Asia, just coincidentally the areas
where most of the worlds oil deposits are located?
He replied, quote, It has all of the hand prints of
"Henry Kissinger."
That's right.
End quote.
So he's, this is coming up everywhere,
I've heard this before.
Yes.
Wow.
But,
it goes farther than that.
Who does Henry Kissinger work for?
Henry Kissinger, Brzezinski,
Ford, Carter, and many others
are all Rockefeller contracters.
Yes.
Even
Edward Teller had a Rockefeller fellowship
when he left Hungary,
and went to Niels Bohrs laboratory
in Copenhagen to study
before he came to the United States.
So, the invisible hand,
typical, typical, one of the typical families,
of course.
That's right.
And the Rockefellers brought eugenics,
or population control to the United States in the 20s.
Yes.
It came from
England.
Yes.
It was being bandied about
by (mumbling) in the 1700s.
But there was no population crisis then.
Right.
So
so what is the real purpose?
It's to grab resources.
Sure.
And what is happening
now is that the new world order,
these hidden interests.
Right.
These very, very
powerful entities,
are carving up the natural resources
just like a turkey.
All over the world.
They're carving up California.
The Rothschild's put Governor Schwarzenegger
into office.
And they are now getting hold of
the vast water resources in California.
California has no debt
and it has a tremendous economy.
It's bigger than most countries.
Right.
Years ago it was the sixth largest economy
in the world.
That's right.
Eight years ago, and I don't know
where it is now.
And so now
they want to tangle and strangle California
in big bank loans, and debt.
Just like the CIA has done around the world
to other countries.
I just came back from Canada
and some ranchers came all the way from Alberta
to meet me at a conference in Vancouver.
And I said, "Bring a map of Alberta
"and we'll sit down and look at it.
"I want to know where all the military installations are,
"where all the mad cow disease is,
"and where the chronic wasting disease is in wild game."
Because I suspected radiation is present.
And sure enough
the chronic wasting disease
and the mad cow disease
are all downwind, and down current
from military installations.
Well think about it,
the Canadian soldiers had to be trained
in depleted uranium munitions
before they were sent off to Iraq,
and Afghanistan, and even Yugoslavia.
As peace keepers.
So--
Well at least
they educated them, that's more than
happened to the US soldiers, isn't it?
Well, the US soldiers,
they're just really all,
they're just all disposable.
Henry Kissinger said,
after Vietnam,
Military men are just dumb stupid animals
to be used as pawns in foreign policy.
Right, I read that.
And we're just all part of the national sacrifice then.
So what happened,
in about 1968
we found the first patent on
depleted uranium weapon systems.
And that was a gattling gun on ships
that would shoot depleted uranium for the Navy.
In 1973,
the United States government
gave Israel depleted uranium weapons
to use in the Yom Kippur War
and they just annihilated and wiped out
the Egyptian and Arab tanks.
But they also contaminated the Golan Heights.
And many women in Berkeley
have come to ask me
why their families are in an epidemic of breast cancer.
The women of the family.
And they said they lived on kibbutzes in Israel,
and I said, "Well this is why."
In 1974, Hughes Aircrafts, one of their subsidiaries
developed the filleting system,
which is still used.
It's one of the most effective
gattling gun type defense
weaponry used on ships, Navy ships,
that shoots depleted uranium
about 3000 bullets a minute.
Four tons, the Wart Hog,
which is the Air Force main delivery system
for depleted uranium,
shoots three tons a minute.
Hmm.
Three tons a minute.
Amazing.
It is amazing.
Shocking.
And 800 tons
of depleted uranium is the ,
(mumbling) equivalent
the equivalent number of radioactive atoms
released into the atmosphere,
of 83,000 Nagasaki bombs.
It's all radioactive poison gas.
My scientific research and expertise
is in atmospheric dust.
I'm a geoscientist.
And so I know that
that dust is carried around the world,
the atomize depleted uranium
high temperature oxides
are carried around the world
in two or three weeks.
Right, and then okay.
So now let's take it,
let's go ahead and forward it a little bit
to the Persian Gulf War.
We have the Gulf War.
Okay.
And then we'll move it up to Iraq.
And then I
want to get into the symtomology.
Okay.
And what has
happened to the people of this planet
since this all began.
The, of course, when you make a weapon system
it has to be fully tested,
and soldiers have to be trained
in everything in it.
The storage, manufacturer, testing
has contaminated 39 states
in the United States.
So, all through the 70s and 80s
depleted uranium weapon systems
had to be tested with the result
that 39 states in the US, that I know of,
were contaimined on the gunnery ranges
and bombing ranges.
And that's a very interesting story because now
those are being sold for a dollar
to land developers, who want to build houses
on these radioactive contaminated sites.
Jeez, you're kidding.
No, I'm not kidding.
And, now.
So then we get into war applications.
That's right.
But who was the prime pusher
and benefactor of depleted uranium weaponry?
It was The Carliyle Group.
They made their first really big pile of money
off of depleted uranium weapon systems.
Okay.
That explains a few things.
That explains a lot.
Right.
And of course George Herbert Walker Bush
was a president when the first Gulf War happened.
Right.
And so.
Intimately involved with the Carliyle Group.
Very intimately involved.
So after the war
there were very, very strange illnesses
in our soldiers, and it came to be known
as Gulf War Syndrome.
It was sort of a web of ill-defined illnesses
and it was different in different people
and changed over time.
And it was really a puzzle.
Of course there were entities in the government,
and the Department of Energy,
and the shadow government
who were fully aware of what this was
causing The Gulf War Syndrome.
And it's quite obvious now
that it was introduced
to the mineral rich, oil rich areas
of the Middle East, and Central Asia,
in order to destroy the genetic future
of people living in those regions,
and to depopulate those regions
in order to be able to secure
the mineral resources that were essential
to its actually Zionist Anglo American,
the economic empire.
Right.
And this is
an old, old theme.
Yes.
So.
Let's talk about the numbers.
Yes.
Because
just going back to the '91 now.
Yes.
I didn't know
if I had read it correctly,
I've read articles through the years,
but of the people, there are 580,000
American troops that served over there,
that's about right?
Yes, yes.
And about a half a million
are on disability of some kind or another?
55%.
Oh, 55%.
That's--
It's over.
That's massive.
It's massive.
55%.
Yes.
And let's start talking about what happens
when they came home after they've been exposed,
what starts happening to the genetic structure
of their families?
Not just the people that they were warring with.
There's an excellent photo essay
in Life magazine from about 1995
it's on the Internet,
and it's called "The Tiny Victims of Desert Storm.
And it's the story in photos
of these soldiers coming back
after they've been exposed to their children
the pre-war babies who were normal children,
and the babies that they fathered
after being exposed to depleted uranium.
Even over a short period of time,
in Iraq, and Kuwait,
these poor babies look like Iraqi babies.
They're children born without eyes,
and opthalmia, which is a very, very rare
birth defect.
And it occurs about one in 40,000 cases.
There's an epidemic of it.
There are children born without limbs.
Without brains.
They have horrible disfigurement
and discoloring on their skin.
They have all kinds of health problems
the rest of their lives.
It's horrendous.
And not only were the soldiers sick,
but they internally contaminated their wives,
that the families are dying together.
And they were just tossed to the curb,
kicked to the curb,
by The Veteran's Administration in the military.
Yes.
And about, in about 2005,
I started going to state legislatures
to get state depleted uranium bills passed,
because it's been a cover up in Washington, DC,
under three presidential administrations.
And the Pentagon, congress was complicit in the cover up.
And I said, Well maybe if I push from the bottom up
from the state legislatures,
we can get some movement in Washington, DC.
Well, there are over 33
depleted uranium bills
introduced in state legislatures.
And the way I convinced legislatures,
especially in Hawaii, to support these bills,
is, I said, "After World War II
"the medical disability rate in our soldiers was 5%.
"After Vietnam, because of Agent Orange, it was 10%.
"Today it's over 55%
"and these soldiers are being dumped on state
"and county medical facilities
"and it's going to bankrupt your government."
And that's when they sat up
and there was very, very strong support,
even from Republicans,
even from Generals who are members of the legislatures
around the United States.
And the states have been passing the bills
very successfully.
And this cover up extends into
a lot of areas, even the doctors who have diagnosed
their patients, who are the people you are talking about.
The returning soldiers aren't allowed to talk about it
under the threat of fines, and worse.
The doctors, before the 2003 Iraq war,
were trained by the military, over a year
before that war started in March of 2003.
And the doctors were threatened
with $10,000 fines
to $250,000 fines,
and one to 10 years in prison
if they said anything at all
about the condition of the soldiers.
And they were only allowed to diagnose
Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome.
Which is interesting,
because so many people who consider themselves
well-informed, watch Fox TV at night, and so forth.
Right.
Will say,
Well, if this was true, why haven't I heard about it?
But it's really hard, I think, for most people
to get their minds around the fact
that this is really insidious.
It's, and, and
it was under President Clinton.
Yeah.
The HIPAA bill
was used to threaten the doctors
and medical care people.
And then the planes were flying in at night to,
what's the big hospital.
Walter Reed?
Walter Reed.
And the journalists were not allowed
anywhere near the planes,
they weren't allowed to see
any of the sick soldiers
being unloaded and transported to Walter Reed.
And now they're closing the military hospitals.
Oh boy, who's going to help them?
They want to close Walter Reed.
Well, it's dumping all the medical care
onto the States.
Right.
And this is from another,
a document that you wrote here,
I just wanted to read this too.
You were talking to a group of about
251 soldiers from a study group in Mississippi
who had all had normal babies
before the Gulf War.
67, it's amazing, 67%
of their post-war babies
were born with severe birth defects.
That's right.
Now, if that
isn't a huge wake up call.
And that was reported first
by Laura Flanders in an article
she wrote for the nation called (foreign language)
Yeah.
And then I
looked in testimony in congress
and that was reported in congress during hearings.
So we can see what's happening
when they're directly exposed to it.
By the way, they're not being informed that
they're being directly exposed
although you did say, I read somewhere you
had stated that in Israel
before going into Lebanon
the Israeli soldiers were actually told
to leave their sperm at a sperm bank
if they wanted to reproduce
after this event was over.
That was in,
before the July 2006.
Yeah.
Israeli attack
on Lebanon.
Now, what's even worse,
is Dr. Chris Busby in England,
he's the British Government and European Parliament
low level radiation expert,
was able to get samples
from some of the bomb craters
close to Israel, in Lebanon
along that border.
And he had the samples analyzed
at Harwell, which is the British Government
Laboratory for Radiation.
And he said, "Leuren, they found
"deuterium in the bomb craters.
"And very high levels of uranium 235."
That was not the correct signature
for a depleted uranium bunker buster bomb.
And he said there were also very high radiation
reported by the scientists monitoring
the bunker buster craters.
And the radiation fell off very fast,
within three weeks.
And I said, "A-ha, they're using
"fourth generation nuclear weapons now."
And what they want is to
use radiation pollution to expose
the civilian population.
And then to have the radiation
disappear very quickly,
and you can do that with neutron activation.
That's basically what was in those bombs.
But I mean, they used them on
the Lebanese, but that same toxicity
was floating right back into Israel, wasn't it?
Oh, it went straight to Israel within an hour.
And so I sent out a press release
all over the world, and I said,
"Israel just nuked itself,
"and we're going to see very large increases
"in diabetes within six months."
As soon as it starts raining,
the rain washes the radioactive particles
out of the air, onto peoples skin,
into the drinking water,
onto the food, they're inhaling it.
And sure enough,
the rains start in Israel,
it has a Mediterranean climate like California,
the rain started in October,
by December there were reports in newspapers
in Israel, of very high
new diagnoses of diabetes of children
in northern Israel.
Right.
So I got
a rain fall map out, and sure enough,
northern Israel has the highest rainfall
of all of Israel because of all the mountainous terrain.
And there isn't,
I don't know any leadership that is loyal to the citizens.
The citizens are just part of the national sacrifice then.
Right.
But now let's look at the sacrifice on a larger scale.
We think, okay, we're sitting comfortably
in a little urban park
with all the partying going on,
it must be a football game on today.
Right.
Around us
and so forth.
Everybody's comfortable in their little garden.
But the reality is
uranium doesn't stay put,
depleted uranium and radiation doesn't stay put.
Can you talk about the nature of how it spreads,
how far it spreads, the way in which it works its way in,
and the fact that the WHO has indicated
they're expecting a massive rise in cancer rates,
what is it, 50% by 2020?
And diabetes from 32 million to 230 million.
My gosh.
That's almost
10 times.
Exactly.
Yes.
So how
how does this travel?
How does it get into,
it's not in our own backyards scenario anymore,
it's in everybody's backyard.
Can you tell us how this happened?
It's in every cubic meter of air, my dear.
Yes.
(laughs)
That's right.
So can you tell us what
how it gets there, and what this means?
When depleted uranium burns,
uranium is a metal that burns.
It catches on fire at about 190 degree centigrade.
And it reaches extremely high temperatures,
over 5000 degrees centigrade.
It gets hotter than the sun.
When the sun is burning.
And it forms a vapor,
it completely vaporizes the metals
into atom sized particles.
And as they cool,
they condense, or quench,
into these round hollow Christmas tree balls
of depleted uranium high temperature oxides.
They're completely insoluble.
They're almost completely insoluble.
And they become incorporated in air masses
and air movements, and just storms and hurricanes.
They become incorporated into the atmospheric dust
that travels all over the world.
And we know from air monitoring done
at Aldermaston, which is the atomic weapons facility
in England, that it only took
it only takes seven to nine days
for the uranium to travel from Afghanistan,
from Iraq, from Yugoslavia, to England.
And they were measuring such high concentrations
in England, during the 2003 Iraq on Baghdad,
that, and during the attack
on Afghanistan in 2001.
That that facility was required
to notify the British Government
because the concentrations were so alarmingly high.
So in effect, yes.
And Dr. Busby calculated that a man living
within 100 miles of the Aldermaston facility,
air monitoring facility,
would inhale 23 million particles
of depleted uranium in two weeks.
Cancer can start with a
single alpha particle.
From one uranium atom.
Under the right conditions.
This is a global, silent,
invisible, tasteless death.
And it is going to cause increases in
death rates and decreases in birth rates.
Because one of the first symptoms
of radiation poisoning is infertility.
Exactly, and countries all around the world
are experiencing it.
Are struggling.
Yes.
Struggling with infertility.
It also, the canary in the coalmine,
is our babies, low birth weight babies,
low birth weight in babies is going up
exponentially.
And if you look at the vital statistics
of countries like I have.
I've gone to governments around the world
and collected the vital statistics on health,
and increases in disease, and mortality,
and decreases in birth.
It's very obvious that the Global 2000 policy
is absolutely underway, it's done.
Yes.
They've
contaminated the entire atmosphere,
and biosphere of this planet.
And that's why I call it the Queen's Death Star.
The Queen of England owns
all of the uranium in Canada, in Australia.
She owns all the mineral rights
to those two vast regions.
And 30% of the uranium produced globally
every year is from Canada.
But the Canadians have a law,
the Canadian uranium cannot be used
for any weapons purposes.
It can only be used for,
for instance, nuclear power plants.
That's right.
And the city of London bankers,
the Rothschild's are the Queen's business manager.
And the city of London actually owns
the nuclear power industry,
and the Rothschild's control uranium prices
and supplies, globally.
We found this out during the 1973
Oil Embargo, when there was a
surplus of uranium on the world market.
But uranium prices started going up
in Westinghouse, and GE,
whose designs are used in 85%
of civilian reactors around the world,
they also guarantee the uranium fuel prices
when they sell the reactors to different countries
or entities.
And so, they got mad because they had to
make up the difference.
They had to eat that increase
in uranium prices.
So they hired Dr. Jake Ghould,
a world class statistician
to find out why the prices were going up.
And he's the one who unmasked the Queen.
So, what does this look like for
what does this look like now for
the population of the world at large,
in terms of, can you give us an idea
of what areas, what countries are super vulnerable.
I mean, obviously we're seeing the effects
in the Middle East right now.
And move out from there, which are more vulnerable,
which are less vulnerable,
and what we can expect to see for overall health
patterns.
It's
it's just global.
It's everywhere.
What's going to happen
and what's happening now
is that it's going to dis-proportionally affect
third world countries,
which we want to target anyways,
so we can steal their resources.
They can't afford medical care,
or they have no medical care,
in their countries.
In more developed countries,
the, particularly the middle class,
will end up spending all their money,
their resources to stay alive.
And when they're out of money
that's the end of their lives.
That's happening in India now.
People are selling,
women are selling all their gold jewelry
to keep their husbands alive,
or to stay alive themselves.
And when that's gone, they sell their house
and then they're living on the streets.
There's no medical care in India.
What kind of medical care does one get
if they can afford medical care?
And how well does it combat
these very, as you say, so many
hidden symptoms behind this?
It's we're in an epidemic of chronic illnesses.
Yes.
Chronic fatigue
syndrome, MS,
neurological and neuromuscular diseases.
Cancers of every kind.
Cancers, cancer are just the tip of the iceberg.
Infertility,
babies that are never healthy.
They're plagued with obesity, diabetes,
learning disabilities.
Over 12% of American children today are disabled.
Yeah.
And you know
I talked, I'm a mother.
I talk to lots of mothers and grandmothers,
and they know there's some environmental toxin,
there's something wrong,
because they know the children and the grandchildren
are not healthy.
But when I talk to people,
and I've been in 46 countries now,
trying to educate the public
and government officials, and ambassadors,
and the media, and the mothers,
and the fathers.
People really do understand now.
At first they were very resistant
when I mentioned depopulation,
I mean, I had some really big battles.
(laughing)
But it usually takes about a year or two.
You have to warm people up to that one.
Yes, they come back to me,
and what I say is,
"Okay, you don't believe what I'm saying,
"but it's too late, I put a Velcro patch on your brain."
(laughing)
"And all this
"information that flies by is gonna stick there.
"And you're going to build your own database
"of information.
"And you will begin to realize
"that all this information I've given you,
"is government and military information,
"I can't make it up, I would be immediately attacked."
And they come back and they're furious.
They say, "Not only is everything true
"that you told us.
"But it's much worse than you told us."
(laughs)
There you go.
Once you start unraveling that one.
Yes.
So the very
people that are essentially
creating this havoc on the planet,
are trying to garner all the resources,
poisoning the rest of us,
how do they avoid suffering the same exact symptoms
as everybody else on the planet?
Well do you mean George Herbert Walker Bush
and his wife Barbara?
Yep, to begin.
Yes.
Who had their
thyroid glands removed
because they had cancer from atmospheric testing fallout.
And all of their six children,
every one of them,
had learning disabilities as a result.
The mothers thyroid sends hormones,
or signals to the mothers brain.
And the mothers brain sends signals
to the brain of the fetus.
Her brain controls the development
of the brain in the fetus.
All of Barbara Bush's children
were born with learning disabilities.
So in other words,
they're pooping in their own nest.
Yes.
What is
the point of all this?
And Rehnquist, the Supreme Court Judge,
died of thyroid cancer.
He dismissed two lawsuits against the US government
by radiation survivors and atomic veterans.
Isn't that just ironic?
That he would die of thyroid cancer?
Yes.
Okay.
So in other words, the answer is they don't.
They don't.
They don't
avoid it.
They don't.
So in a sense, we're all in this together.
And what's going to,
what in the world can stop it now?
Awareness.
That's why I'm on this campaign
to educate the public.
You see the anti war groups,
the anti nuclear groups
have focused on the politics
and the big nukes
while the whole entire time,
since Hiroshima and Nagasaki
there's been a nuclear war being conducted.
From atmospheric testing,
the emissions from nuclear power plants,
and now the global pollution
with depleted uranium.
And it's a cumulative effect.
And if you look at cancer
increases heart disease,
increases brain disease, increases,
they all correlate with the introduction
of these nuclear technology since 1945.
So we have to turn it all off
and the Queen will just have to mine something else
if she wants to make vast profits.
And the city of London will have to
shift to other energy technologies
if they want to control energy sources
around the world.
Now, Henry Kissinger said something very profound.
He said, "If you want to control a country,
"you must control the food.
"If you want to control a region,
"you must control the energy.
"If you want to control the world,
"you control the banking."
And that's,
that's the hierarchy.
The Homeland Security Law Enforcement
in the military now have control
of American food supplies.
They can go into a city and lock up
all the food, in a flash.
The US, and the British, the Zionists,
Anglo-American economic empire,
is now trying to gain control of
all the energy sources around Asia
because China is.
It's actually the tiger economies.
China, Korea, Japan, and India,
who is the greatest threat
to the higomony of the London and Wall Street bankers.
The US is just being used as a military proxy
for the city of London.
And actually all the centuries
of warfare of the
British empire bankrupted the country.
So, they're just going to bankrupt the US instead.
And the bankers just go on with that
higalian dialectic, where they keep setting up
two opposites who conduct warfare.
They loan money to both sides.
They don't really care who wins.
Or who loses.
And then they just set up another one.
So Hiroshima and
Nagasaki set up a cold war
between the Soviet Union and the US.
And the introduction of nuclear pollution
to depopulate the global population.
And the Cold War has ended
and now the new war is against China,
the tiger economies.
But this is a radioactive opium war,
instead of just a drug opium war.
And they want to eliminate two to four billion
people, which is one third to two third
of the worlds planet.
Now something that I like to do
when I'm giving a talk,
especially when there are a lot of people
in the room, is I ask a question,
"How many of you have diabetes,
"or know someone who has diabetes?"
And at least 95% of the hands go up.
Sure.
I know
from my investigations of disease rates,
that diabetes was very rare before 1945.
And if a child had it,
they almost always diedbefore they were seven.
So even the genes weren't passed on.
So why are we in an epidemic of diabetes?
The cancer is going to double,
or go up 50% by in the next
10 or 15 years.
But diabetes is going to go up at least 10 times.
In fact in some regions, like Canada,
they've already reached the diabetes
increased rates that are expected
by 2020.
They're already there now.
So this is bankrupting governments
all over the world.
Sure.
And the Europe,
because of Chernobyl,
is in a very, very serious diabetes crisis.
And they've asked the European Parliament
and the United Nations to help.
And what an admiral in India told me,
in February of 2007, on my speaking tour,
he said, "Leuren, I've inspected
"nuclear power plants all over Russia."
He said, "There's so many,
"there are 12 layers of safe guards
"that have to be dismantled
"before something like Chernobyl could happen."
He said, "There's no way Chernobyl was an accident."
I said, "Well you know,
"I was a little more lab then.
"Or right after that,
"and I believe the Department of Energy
"was somehow involved."
Livermore was overly interested in Chernobyl
and sent people over to write the cover up
for the United States on the Chernobyl accident.
It couldn't have been an accident.
And Chernobyl is the Russian word
for worm wood.
And worm wood is a prophecy, or a passage
in the bible, that refers to
sort of a global death from an invisible cause.
Well, and you've been trying to
alert people to this.
Yes, and people to
Yes,
well I don't want to say impending doom.
Ongoing.
It's ongoing.
Ongoing problem
we have, as a species.
You've been doing this for a long time now
and people are starting to,
more people are starting to listen.
Yes.
So I
guess we can say the hope is--
Yes.
in the way
information can flow now,
Yes.
and to
figure out how we can somehow
disengage from the system,
or stop the system I guess.
Yes.
That's the second tier of
this whole thing.
And we're going to come back
and talk with you again very soon
to find out more about the invisible hand.
And also about your own journey through this
because it's not been an easy one for you.
There's always hope.
And you're still smiling.
That's the amazing thing,
you're still smiling.
And there is always hope.
There's always hope.
And let's talk about the hope.
We'll talk about all of that.
Well, first of all,
the hope in this situation,
what can individuals,
or mothers or families do right now
for themselves, in terms of just,
are there anything,
is there anything you can do
just to boost the immune system
even to make ourselves less vulnerable to all of this?
Yes.
We'll end
on that note, and we're gonna pick up a
second conversation later.
Yes.
It's very, very important to,
for instance, buy dairy products
from nuclear free dairies.
These are dairies that are not located
downwind from nuclear power plants.
Okay.
You can also
use reverse osmosis filters on your drinking water,
that's extremely important.
That removes most radio nuclides,
or many of the serious ones,
such as strontium 90,
from the drinking water.
Another thing that's extremely important
is to boost the immune system by eating
very, very nutritious food.
And that means highly colored fruits and vegetables,
pomegranate juice, blueberries.
There are--
High levels
of antioxidants.
of antioxidants, that's right.
Very, very important.
We all have cancer cells.
In our body.
Everybody does.
But our immune system,
because it's functioning,
keeps the cancer in check.
Prevents it from losing its growth control
mechanism and just going wild.
Right.
And
so it's very important to keep our bodies
and our immune systems
in just shipshape.
As best we can.
Yes, yes.
Natural sources
of antioxidants.
That's right.
Clean, pure water.
Don't drink from dairies
that are anywhere near a nuclear facility.
Certainly downstream from them.
That's right.
Anything else?
And people should have
love and caring
and good will and happiness.
And to feel safe and loved.
That's very, very important.
Yes, the emotional component.
Yes, very important.
Meditation, because
stress damages your immune system too.
Yes it does.
And even when you're going through
difficult times,
you should still have truth and beauty
and love in your life.
Thank you so much.
I can see that you do. (laughs)
And I hear you make a mean biscotti,
I can't wait to try one.
(laughing)
For more information on this subject
you may want to listen to my interview
with Dr. Doug Rocky in Regina's Cantina
under our radio section.
Until next time, thanks for watching.